feat: overwrite costs through file (#1752)
PyPSA/pypsa-eur: doc/release_notes.rst

Upcoming Release
================

> * Feature: Introduce a new method to overwrite costs (https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/1752). Modifications to the default technico-economic assumptions can now be enabled in the configuration using the `costs:custom_costs` setting (default value: `false`). When enabled, modifications specified in the file `data/custom_costs.csv` are applied to the default `resources/costs_{planning_horizons}.csv` files. The implementation maintains backwards compatibility with existing approaches via `costs:overwrites` and `costs:capital_cost`/`costs:marginal_cost` parameters.

Author: Building on @euronion' suggestion

```suggestion
* Feature: Introduce a new method to overwrite costs (https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/1752). Modifications to the default technico-economic assumptions can now be configured via `costs:custom_cost_fn`, which applies changes to the `resources/costs_{planning_horizons}.csv` files. The default configuration includes minor adjustments to stabilize optimization results. The existing implementation via `costs:overwrites` and `costs:capital_cost`/`costs:marginal_cost` parameters remains available but will be deprecated in a future release.
```

Upcoming Release
================

> * Feature: Introduce a new method to overwrite costs (https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/1752). Modifications to the default technico-economic assumptions can now be enabled in the configuration using the `costs:custom_costs` setting (default value: `false`). When enabled, modifications specified in the file `data/custom_costs.csv` are applied to the default `resources/costs_{planning_horizons}.csv` files. The implementation maintains backwards compatibility with existing approaches via `costs:overwrites` and `costs:capital_cost`/`costs:marginal_cost` parameters.

Reviewer: Yes, this is why it's just maintaining backward compatibility for sth that'll be deprecated soon... ?

> * Feature: Introduce a new method to overwrite costs (https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/1752). Modifications to the default technico-economic assumptions can now be enabled in the configuration using the `costs:custom_costs` setting (default value: `false`). When enabled, modifications specified in the file `data/custom_costs.csv` are applied to the default `resources/costs_{planning_horizons}.csv` files. The implementation maintains backwards compatibility with existing approaches via `costs:overwrites` and `costs:capital_cost`/`costs:marginal_cost` parameters.

Reviewer: That's at least my understanding! @tgilon can you confirm?

> * Feature: Introduce a new method to overwrite costs (https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/1752). Modifications to the default technico-economic assumptions can now be enabled in the configuration using the `costs:custom_costs` setting (default value: `false`). When enabled, modifications specified in the file `data/custom_costs.csv` are applied to the default `resources/costs_{planning_horizons}.csv` files. The implementation maintains backwards compatibility with existing approaches via `costs:overwrites` and `costs:capital_cost`/`costs:marginal_cost` parameters.

Author: Also, the release note is no longer up to date. You've changedd the config structure.
